I'm going to show you how to make masala
dosa for this recipe we need the better
for the dosa and the potato fry to fill
in for this recipe I'm using 1 cup of
moong dal flour and 1 cup of rice flour
and 2 cups of water and I'm going to
make a better adding some salt and a
little bit of baking powder and leave it
aside nearly 6 to 12 hours and to make
the curry I have some boiled potatoes 2
onions salt and 2 red whole chillies
cinnamon pandan leaves and curry leaves
then I have for the spices I have chili
powder chili flakes turmeric powder and
to fry I have fennel seeds cumin seeds
and mustard seeds so I'm going to mix
this first I added the rice and the old
dal fathers and into that adding some
salt and baking powder just a pinch of
baking powder and then add water and mix
this to a nice smooth batter
into a pan add two tablespoons of oil
and into that add the curry leaves and
the chilies and cook this about a minute
or cool and into that as the mustard
fennel and the Ceylon tea leaves those
are the spices as you say the into that
at the spices and mix it now add the
potatoes and cook it on a low heat about
five minutes
when the dosa batter is ready spray a
pan on the stove and put 1 spoon of the
mix into the pan and spread it all over
once the door though sighs ready and a
spoonful of the potato mix into the
middle of the Naza and fold the other
end to cover it and serve it hot like
this